predict game results be the best and win
awesome prizes Olivia calm a hacker but
the fact that you're never able to be
killed by the ad carry is a real
struggle yeah it certainly isn't the
damage amplification coming through
means that you're still a legitimate
assassin a special flash it's corn
actually taking a bit of damage there
the spotted out but more members of keep
making their way through there's the
flash on borough beast going to get
caught up here does have the body slam
available yet again he's going to try
and get towards his turret in the bottom
line but he's too far out this bodyslam
is going to be up relatively soon
Dodgers out of the way of the dredge one
dares the head butt butt beat down to
know how's the heel came through with us
first blood phenom ease and as they go
again yeah Huey looking for it doesn't
have the flash of course Ella gonna use
Oh crystal gets caught Huey locks down
another kill in the early game and ami
he wants some more hello down to 200
health but snake again with another
nightmare relic like I'm actually with
the back timing is down quite a few
sense of Destiny the first one coming
into the bottom line as well crystal
just giving up the ghost tries to turn
it back around Gatling gun actually
getting a whole lot of worked out mommy
there was an ignite from that cow before
he had a left that would have been a
dead cullet the the corky but not
actually anything coming out of it
before the Twisted Fate is use going to
get caught might be twisted Bates time
to get some action down but there's the
HEPA don't eat the turret 0 with a sweet
our play from Ella is gonna go down yeah
so just great timing from Ella
recognizing the 0 is going to be there
but now he might be just having a dance
in his machine yeah now Trident goes
down there's the fish that was used
there as urgent strikes being waited for
for flandry he bounces up on his troll
Paul doesn't have the urchin strike so
they go 14 yes sir a Buddha tahahaha
piece might have been put out here
yeah look at the window shopping drag as
the Destiny comes down as well Beast
uses the explosive cost of body slams
there as well he's got the flash gets
out the fish is down nice equalizer from
insect as the Chum the waters is going
to eat him up but you see that actually
yeah anyway back so while we're talking
about Lucien he's not even in this game
quadra is going to get burnt down
there's the fish down as well as he uses
the challenging smite lots of damage the
equalizer comes in blonde ray looking to
stand up on his bowl for a second but
he's able to trade one for one one more
time is corn picks himself up his first
kill yeah so corn makes it work again
hoppers my goodness the King actually
that's a free man phosphorus on da me
getting caught out there the Empress
divided he was in a bouncy castle that
whole time huy gets delivered for the
team as well as snake turning on their
team fight prowess beast tries to get in
amongst it with another body slam it
doesn't connect on any of the King mule
farming on the rest of the matter yep
fury is going to use his boy drive to
get towards a tom souther up another
dredge line lancella might be out of
turn this one around feets call comes in
as L is going to get caught out seventy
percent quarter sorry damage reduction
is going to be necessary here Tommy
looking for the ran doesn't get the kill
and Ella just yet crystal he's going to
get caught a little bit of target
ization but the fish doesn't land corn
takes a lot of damage ello with a
massively optimistic play they lose
three members zero is going to get
junked out as you ease onto you use
going to die after a decent Empress
divided and now it's going to be the
dive on the beast in the bottom side of
the map and the ACE comes through for
King yeah welcome back China we get a
huge team fight in the bottom lane and
King clean house picked himself up hey I
guess what is against a magic killer up
at the top when he's probably dead again
yeah drop whoa calm down throws down a
fish here but the equalizers there flan
dre gets burnt to death an insect able
to lock himself down that kill in second
boundary but he's making his way in
irrespective of that one rend is getting
stacked up though nami wants to get as
many sticks into this that he can snake
obese is going to secure it here
Emperor's to bite down you burning down
corn trying to make his way and you toss
get a decent maneuver their uses his
Anya's and King they're starting to burn
down but look
naw maze damage a double kill already
crystal he's going to get stunt force to
use the plug-in take just burning him to
death as the rest of snake just getting
picked up our feast the last man
standing and Kings looking a whole lot
better this game they'll transition into
a better one blue card help it'll was at
about 200 health let's dramatic gonna
Sam is better this way but snake it's
actually going to discover the mid laner
he uses the sannyas crystal took us so
much damage but you is going to be able
to lock down the kills but they lose the
mid laner whenever you pushing in the
bottom side but you can see they're
going in the top destiny was used by
corn flashes into the gold car their
nominee is going to get traded crystal
not even Dead Yet uses the plate of the
room King there's the mini equalizer
from the Valkyrie as those onions comes
through as well Andre we're gonna try
and finish off corner and strike going
to lock that one down insect comes
through with a pretty late teleport thus
laundry is looking for his final
trickster he's gonna pull down though is
the rest of snake looking to try and
take down Huey and they knew he thinks
he is there as well as Ella trying to be
a reg line doesn't find it either as
huey he's looking to get in a nice body
slam but the equalizers back up again
huey flashes for you does use the
Empress divide flashes out he's not dead
yet nami trying to deal with Ella
fundraising here as well there's a
playbook tricks are he takes down nah
mate but is he going to be out of
surviving you actually on top of a ward
in second Huey chasing after the easy as
crystal going to get taken down by corn
mr. flash with a flame spitter it's a
kill for insect at the same time and
it's a 441 yeah so BC is trying to be
elusive see if he can get away from
everyone you're just tanks it off hey
who's that oh my goodness elegance
caught by the dredge line there but
probably not the target that they want
Empress if I comes in you burning to
death errands quandary he's going to get
caught up peace needs to be very careful
he gets stunned Hughie's going to have
to deal with that one and he's going to
take him down there as well so now I'm
going to lose the inhibitor just snake
and that's two deaths as well can can
get anymore yeah what it came out of
corn by the way eight-year they're gonna
get home guy boots on bc you think this
is when they will go now they're
starting to lose this one Ella makes his
way there's the flak pulverized corn my
get caught up here is the fish is down
on in sec he gets eaten just a little
bit as there's the fates call trying to
get back and look at the bouncy castle
nami starting to go up in this team
but for dead already tries to hop over
the top of the Empress survivor doesn't
get in there crystal he's gonna die
that's the clean a sandking they're
going to win game 2 yeah what it could
initiation coming through from l.a but
it was just all too little too late way
too big right now the members of King
now will take Game two as they did last
night yeah and it's going to be another
split another split for snake just can't
seem to make it happen against these top
teams at these bottom teams I apologize
and look we'll see whether they can take
a couple of games from EDG might be the
sort of other side of the table they can
take victories off yeah